hey guys um I'm gonna be showing you my
m4a1 and I will be making a tutorial on
one condition if I reach 50 subscribers
no that's not gonna happen if I reach 50
the likes on this video I will be
showing you how to make this m4a1 so
here it is strum no holy Sh oh it
actually has the mag right here and it
has the cock chamber cocking chamber um
uh actually opens when you pull it back
um and I mean these two attachments are
here suppressor and this front sight so
here's what it looks like
let me back up um this is what it looks
like
I don't forgot that it was I can't see
cuz I'm using my phone so yeah so yeah
50 legs guys if you don't notice I'm
wearing white boys on the sheets jacket
support the goat um yeah um so I will be
uploading another tip manian sorry I
forgot to upload all the tip manias so
to rate comment and subscribe